# DictionaryAnalytics
A program that takes a body of text (any) and preforms a number of analytic operations regarding what the body of text entails. In this case, the program takes in the Gettysburg address as the body of text and preforms a number of operations. Operations include: displaying the content that the body of text entails, making a cross-referenced list of words that are within the body of text, and making a search engine to seek out a specific desired word within the body of text and display it's cross-refernced information. The cross-referenced words are stored in a binary tree for efficiency in searching through data and storing data. The program also takes into account of words that are not unique to the body of text and omits them from the cross-referenced list (ex. words like "the" or "is"). This operation is done by the concept of hashing and storing these ommited words into a hash table so that we can have a list of words to look out for when parsing through the body of text. The ommited words are hashed into a hash table using a hash function that stores the words into the table with the least posssbile collisions thus resulting in a efficient program since very little data movements are being made. The program also displays the hash key that is being used to preform the hashing as well. The program displays the hash table showing the ommited words and their location within the table, the number of initial collisions, the number of resolution collisions, the total number of collisions, and the load factor of the hash table.       
